projects.md, before:

## Ongoing Projects

This page serves as a repository of my current projects. 

---

### Envisioning and Implementing Horizontal Security

Cybersecurity has its origin in military, which typically exhibits a very
hierarchical structre. But what would cybersecurity look like in a democractic,
horizontal entity? How do actvist groups, worker cooperatives, and other
horizontal groups design security? What technology could we create to facilitate
horizontal security policy creation, implementation, and enforcement?

##### Current Status

*COLBAC: Shifting Cybersecurity From Hierarchical to Horizontal Designs* was
accepted to the New Security Paradigms Workshop.

##### Next Steps

1. Study the security practices of horizontal organizations.
2. Create a secure distributed system that allows small food banks and food
cooperatives to dynamically create contracts with vendors to create competition
to big agriculture.
3. Develop a technological solution to allow activists organizations, NGOs,
and other more horizontal groups to avoid "password wars," or, the occurance of
a malicious insider denying the group access to their third party accounts.
4. Identify necessary changes in traditional cybersecurity concepts and
technologies to facilitate horizontality, and implementing them.

##### Previous Steps

1. Submitted a paper presenting COLBAC, a collective based access control
system, to [NSPW](https://www.nspw.org/2021/)

---

### Measuring Tor's User Experience

The Tor Browser is the currently the best low-latency anonymity solution on the
Internet. However, users of the Tor Browser often come across issues. What
isuses do users face when using Tor? Why do users use Tor? How do they
understand what Tor is providing them? What can developers do better to provide
a better experience on their site for Tor Browser users?

##### Current Status

Writing a paper detailing the Tor Browser Friendliness Scanner, a program which
scans popular web pages on the Internet to provide details about what developers
of the sites can change to make the site work better on the Tor Browser. This
paper will be submitted to the Privacy Enhancing Technology Symposium.

##### Next Steps

1. Implement recommendations from my previous publications and evaluate their
efficacy.
2. Create plugins that allow for easy Tor Browser friendly site development.

##### Previous Steps

1. Measured user perceptions of the Tor anonymity network, and why they use Tor.
2. Measured what issues new users may face if they were to adopt the Tor Browser
as their default Browser.
3. Created a scanner to scan the Internet and provide useful feedback to web
developers on how to improve the Tor Browser Friendliness of their site.

---

### Studying Data Privacy During COVID

COVID has caused many disruptions in our daily lives, and contact tracing has
introduced privacy issues for the benefit of public health. Beyond contact
and location tracing, how has data privacy been affected by COVID? How have
organizations handled access control changes to sensitive data given
teleworking? Have business created new agreements with third parties that are
now processing or storing user data? What new policies have been added to deal
with teleworking due to COVID? How have they affected user and worker privacy?

##### Current Status

Beginning recruitment for our interview based study.

##### Next Steps

1. Perform interviews and analyze data
2. Pull themes from qualitative data using coding.
3. Create a survey from our themes to obtain generalizable results.
4. Write paper and submit.

##### Previous Steps

1. Developed an interview protocol to study changes to orginizational privacy
practices because of COVID.
2. Applied for IRB approval.
3. Performed pilot testing.

---

### Measuring the User Experience of Generating Deepfakes

Many news articles state that Deepfaked media could erode trust in online media,
and that soon the average person would be able to create a deepfaked video that
could fool others and lead to serious political consequences. But is this true?
What issues stand between the common person and the ability to generate deepfake
media? If they can already generate deepfaked media, how believable are the
media they create?

##### Current Status

Writing up our results.

##### Next Steps

1. Submit to a conference.

##### Previous Steps

1. Developed study protocol to determine what user experience issues people face
when generating Deepfake media.
2. Piloted study protocol with masters students, Ph.D. students, and research
staff to identify and repair flaws.
3. Submitted the study propsal to the IRB for approval.
4. Performed our study with participants from many different backgrounds.
5. Analyzed results.

Commit message:

Remove COVID privacy and change status on previous work

projects.md, after:

## Ongoing Projects

This page serves as a repository of my current projects. 

---

### Envisioning and Implementing Horizontal Security

Cybersecurity has its origin in military, which typically exhibits a very
hierarchical structre. But what would cybersecurity look like in a democractic,
horizontal entity? How do actvist groups, worker cooperatives, and other
horizontal groups design security? What technology could we create to facilitate
horizontal security policy creation, implementation, and enforcement?

##### Current Status

*COLBAC: Shifting Cybersecurity From Hierarchical to Horizontal Designs* was
published in NSPW 2021.

##### Next Steps

1. Study the security practices of horizontal organizations.
2. Develop a technological solution to allow activists organizations, NGOs,
and other more horizontal groups to avoid "password wars," or, the occurance of
a malicious insider denying the group access to their third party accounts.
3. Identify necessary changes in traditional cybersecurity concepts and
technologies to facilitate horizontality, and implementing them.
4. Work towards applying a COLBAC-like solution to the Portuguese Parliament's
insider attack threat model.

##### Previous Steps

1. Presented COLBAC, a collective based access control system, to
[NSPW](https://www.nspw.org/2021/)

---

### Measuring Tor's User Experience

The Tor Browser is the currently the best low-latency anonymity solution on the
Internet. However, users of the Tor Browser often come across issues. What
isuses do users face when using Tor? Why do users use Tor? How do they
understand what Tor is providing them? What can developers do better to provide
a better experience on their site for Tor Browser users?

##### Current Status

Writing a paper detailing the Tor Browser Friendliness Scanner, a program which
scans popular web pages on the Internet to provide details about what developers
of the sites can change to make the site work better on the Tor Browser. This
paper will be submitted to the Privacy Enhancing Technology Symposium.

##### Next Steps

1. Implement recommendations from my previous publications and evaluate their
efficacy.
2. Create plugins that allow for easy Tor Browser friendly site development.

##### Previous Steps

1. Measured user perceptions of the Tor anonymity network, and why they use Tor.
2. Measured what issues new users may face if they were to adopt the Tor Browser
as their default Browser.
3. Created a scanner to scan the Internet and provide useful feedback to web
developers on how to improve the Tor Browser Friendliness of their site.

---
<!--
### Studying Data Privacy During COVID

COVID has caused many disruptions in our daily lives, and contact tracing has
introduced privacy issues for the benefit of public health. Beyond contact
and location tracing, how has data privacy been affected by COVID? How have
organizations handled access control changes to sensitive data given
teleworking? Have business created new agreements with third parties that are
now processing or storing user data? What new policies have been added to deal
with teleworking due to COVID? How have they affected user and worker privacy?

##### Current Status

Beginning recruitment for our interview based study.

##### Next Steps

1. Perform interviews and analyze data
2. Pull themes from qualitative data using coding.
3. Create a survey from our themes to obtain generalizable results.
4. Write paper and submit.

##### Previous Steps

1. Developed an interview protocol to study changes to orginizational privacy
practices because of COVID.
2. Applied for IRB approval.
3. Performed pilot testing.
-->
---

### Measuring the User Experience of Generating Deepfakes

Many news articles state that Deepfaked media could erode trust in online media,
and that soon the average person would be able to create a deepfaked video that
could fool others and lead to serious political consequences. But is this true?
What issues stand between the common person and the ability to generate deepfake
media? If they can already generate deepfaked media, how believable are the
media they create?

##### Current Status

*How Easily Can Novice Users Create Deepfakes?* was submitted to SOUPS 2022.

##### Next Steps

1. Figure out next steps.

##### Previous Steps

1. Developed study protocol to determine what user experience issues people face
when generating Deepfake media.
2. Piloted study protocol with masters students, Ph.D. students, and research
staff to identify and repair flaws.
3. Submitted the study propsal to the IRB for approval.
4. Performed our study with participants from many different backgrounds.
5. Analyzed results.
6. Submitted to SOUPS 2022.
