publications.md, before:

## Publications

This page serves as a repository for my publications.

### Peer Reviewed - Conditionally Accepted

Scanning the Web for Tor Browser Friendliness\
Kevin Gallagher, Ryan Quirk, Nasir Memon, Brendan Dolan-Gavitt\
Accepted with Major Revisions to Privacy Enhancing Technology Symposium 2022.

<!--### Peer Reviewed - In Submission

Measuring the Online Deepfake Creation Community: Quantitative and Qualitative Analysis of the MrDeepFakes Forum\
Brian Timmerman, Pulak Mehta, Progga Debb, Kevin Gallagher, Brendan Dolan-Gavitt, Damon McCoy, Siddharth Garg, Rachel Greenstadt\
In Submission to ICWSM 22.

How Easily Can Novice Users Create Deepfakes?\
Pulak Mehta, Kevin Gallagher, Gauri Jagatap, Brian Timmerman, Progga Deb, Siddharth Garg, Rachel Greenstadt, Brendan Dolan-Gavitt\
In Submission to CCS 2023.-->


### Peer Reviewed - Published

["It Feels Like Whack-a-mole": User Experiences of Data Removal from People Search Websites](https://petsymposium.org/2022/files/papers/issue3/popets-2022-0067.pdf)\
Kejsi Take, Kevin Gallagher, Andrea Forte, Damon McCoy, Rachel Greenstadt\
Privacy Enhancing Technology Symposium 2022.

[COLBAC: Shifting Cybersecurity From Hierarchical to Horizontal Designs](https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/3498891.3498903)\
Kevin Gallagher, Santiago Torres-Arias, Nasir Memon, Jessica Feldman\
NSPW '21: New Security Paradigms Workshop

[Peeling the Onion's User Experience Layer: Examining Naturalistic Use of the Tor Browser](https://dl.acm.org/doi/abs/10.1145/3243734.3243803)\
Kevin Gallagher, Sameer Patil, Brendan Dolan-Gavitt, Damon McCoy, Nasir Memon\
CCS'18: Proceedings of the 2018 ACM SIGSAC Conference on Computer and Communications Security\
Freely Available [here](https://damonmccoy.com/papers/GallagherCCS2018.pdf)

[New Me: Understanding Expert and Non-Expert Perceptions and Usage of the Tor Anonymity Network](https://www.usenix.org/conference/soups2017/technical-sessions/presentation/gallagher)\
Kevin Gallagher, Sameer Patil, Nasir Memon\
Thirteenth Symposium on Usable Security and Privacy (SOUPS 2017)

[Predicting citation patterns: defining and determining influence](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11192-016-1950-1)\
David Guy Brizan, Kevin Gallagher, Arnab Jahangir, Theodore Brown\
Scientometrics 108, 183-200 (2016)

### Thesis

[Measurement and Improvement of the Tor User Experience](https://search.proquest.com/openview/160e0d08939b96e2a4d7b49247c3bbbd/)\
Kevin Gallagher\
New York University Tandon School of Engineering

<!--  ### Arxiv -->


### Other

This area contains other publications or speeches that I have written and
published or otherwise delivered.

##### Blog Posts
[Working Towards Democratic Computing Systems](https://dcentral-lab.org/working-towards-democratic-computing-systems/)\
Kevin Gallagher\
DCentral\
Instituto Superior Técnico\
Universidade de Lisboa

##### Speeches

[Declaração para o Bloco de Esquerda de Almada](/assets/speeches/MessageForBE-SHORT.pdf)\
Kevin Gallagher\
Reunião Aberta da Coordenadora Concelhia de Almada, 11 de Maio 2021,\
Reunião de Zoom. Declaração.\
Full version [here](/assets/speeches/MessageForBE-FULL.pdf).\
Full English version [here](/assets/speeches/MessageForBE-EN.pdf).

Commit message:

Adding many publications in submission.

publications.md, after:

## Publications

This page serves as a repository for my publications.

### Peer Reviewed - Soon to be Resubmitted

Scanning the Web for Tor Browser Friendliness\
Kevin Gallagher, Ryan Quirk, Nasir Memon, Brendan Dolan-Gavitt\
Accepted with Major Revisions to Privacy Enhancing Technology Symposium 2022,
Resubmission in 1 month.

### Peer Reviewed - In Submission

TorK: Hardening Tor against Traffic Correlation Attacks with  K-Anonymity\
Vitor Nunes, José Brás, Diogo Barradas, Kevin Gallagher, Nuno Santos\
In Submission to USENIX Security '23.

Studying the Online Deepfake Creation Community\
Brian Timmerman, Pulak Mehta, Progga Debb, Kevin Gallagher, Brendan Dolan-Gavitt, Damon McCoy, Siddharth Garg, Rachel Greenstadt\
In Submission to WWW '23.

Can Deepfakes be created on a whim?\
Pulak Mehta, Kevin Gallagher, Gauri Jagatap, Brian Timmerman, Progga Deb,
Siddharth Garg, Rachel Greenstadt, Brendan Dolan-Gavitt\
In Submission to SaTML '23.

An Adversarial Analysis of Affective Cue-Based Deepfake Detection\
Brian Timmerman, Kevin Gallagher, Pulak Mehta, Damon McCoy, Siddharth Garg,
Brendan Dolan-Gavitt, Rachel Greenstadt\
In Submission to SaTML '23.

### Peer Reviewed - Published

["It Feels Like Whack-a-mole": User Experiences of Data Removal from People Search Websites](https://petsymposium.org/2022/files/papers/issue3/popets-2022-0067.pdf)\
Kejsi Take, Kevin Gallagher, Andrea Forte, Damon McCoy, Rachel Greenstadt\
Privacy Enhancing Technology Symposium 2022.

[COLBAC: Shifting Cybersecurity From Hierarchical to Horizontal Designs](https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/3498891.3498903)\
Kevin Gallagher, Santiago Torres-Arias, Nasir Memon, Jessica Feldman\
NSPW '21: New Security Paradigms Workshop

[Peeling the Onion's User Experience Layer: Examining Naturalistic Use of the Tor Browser](https://dl.acm.org/doi/abs/10.1145/3243734.3243803)\
Kevin Gallagher, Sameer Patil, Brendan Dolan-Gavitt, Damon McCoy, Nasir Memon\
CCS'18: Proceedings of the 2018 ACM SIGSAC Conference on Computer and Communications Security\
Freely Available [here](https://damonmccoy.com/papers/GallagherCCS2018.pdf)

[New Me: Understanding Expert and Non-Expert Perceptions and Usage of the Tor Anonymity Network](https://www.usenix.org/conference/soups2017/technical-sessions/presentation/gallagher)\
Kevin Gallagher, Sameer Patil, Nasir Memon\
Thirteenth Symposium on Usable Security and Privacy (SOUPS 2017)

[Predicting citation patterns: defining and determining influence](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11192-016-1950-1)\
David Guy Brizan, Kevin Gallagher, Arnab Jahangir, Theodore Brown\
Scientometrics 108, 183-200 (2016)

### Thesis

[Measurement and Improvement of the Tor User Experience](https://search.proquest.com/openview/160e0d08939b96e2a4d7b49247c3bbbd/)\
Kevin Gallagher\
New York University Tandon School of Engineering

<!--### Arxiv-->

### Other

This area contains other publications or speeches that I have written and
published or otherwise delivered.

##### Blog Posts
[Working Towards Democratic Computing Systems](https://dcentral-lab.org/working-towards-democratic-computing-systems/)\
Kevin Gallagher\
DCentral\
Instituto Superior Técnico\
Universidade de Lisboa

##### Speeches

[Declaração para o Bloco de Esquerda de Almada](/assets/speeches/MessageForBE-SHORT.pdf)\
Kevin Gallagher\
Reunião Aberta da Coordenadora Concelhia de Almada, 11 de Maio 2021,\
Reunião de Zoom. Declaração.\
Full version [here](/assets/speeches/MessageForBE-FULL.pdf).\
Full English version [here](/assets/speeches/MessageForBE-EN.pdf).
