teaching.md, before:

## Teaching

Teaching is one of my passions. During my time at New York University Tandon
School of Engineering I taught 7 sections of classes, amounting to over 500
students. 

#### Approach

Students learn best when they are comfortable and engaged. For this reason I
use a [flipped classroom](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flipped_classroom)
approach whenever possible. However, in recent semesters I have been unable to
work in a flipped classroom setting due to the amount of students in my online
classes. For these semesters I have focused on creating captivating lecture
content and still encouraging interaction when feasable.

##### Online Teaching

During the pandemic I have learned how to use technology efficiently to create
as close to an in-person experience as I can. I have built my own home studio
complete with semi-professional lighting, a green screen, a camera, and a
professional grade microphone to deliver high quality video to my students.

![](/assets/img/studio.jpg)

##### Assignments and Labs

I believe that people learn best by doing. That's why I take an assignment 
focused approach in my classes. Both classes I teach include programming
assignments focused around security, and one of my classes includes many labs
that teach students how to use some security technologies and perform attacks
and defenses hands-on. To see the assignments I have developed, please view the
[assignments](/assignments) page.

#### Classes

At Instituto Superior Técnico I have taught two courses: the practical labs of
the Highly Dependable Systems course, and the entirety of the Advanced topics in
Parallel and Distributed Computing course. During my time at New York University
Tandon School of Engineering I taught two courses: Information Security and
Privacy and Application Security.

##### Highly Dependable Systems

The Highly Dependable Systems course addresses the security and fault-tolerant
aspects of system design, including recent advancements in the areas of
blockchain and trustworthy computing. The lab component of this is comprised of
practical, hands-on exersizes and projects that help students take the lessons
they learned of applied cryptography, consensus, and more, and apply them to
practice real world skills.

##### Advanced Topics in Parallel and Distributed Computing: Decentralization

In the Advanced Topics in Parallel and Distributed Computing class I focused on
the security and privacy approaches and challenges of decentralization. In this
PhD level course I took a flipped classroom approach and tasked students with
presenting and reviewing cutting-edge research in the areas of decentralized
systems and security and privacy. Students were graded based on their
presentations, their reviews of the papers, and their participation in class
discussions. This approach allowed the PhD students to bootstrap knowledge in
the area of Blockchain rapidly, to be ready to perform research in this area,
and to learn important skills for an academic: paper reviewing, presentation,
and choosing research problems.

##### Information Security and Privacy

The Information Security and Privacy (ISP) course at NYU Tandon is an
introduction to the basic concepts, definitions, and technologies in the areas
of Information Security and Privacy. This include foundations such as access
control, basic information about cryptographic primatives (hashing, asymmetric
and symmetric cryptography, etc.) security design principles, threat modeling,
privacy, and more. For more information, please see the 
[syllabus](/assets/syllabi/ISP.pdf).

##### Application Security

The Application Security course at NYU Tandon teaches about the vulnerabilities
typically found in modern applications and focuses on the technologies and
techniques used to defend them. This course is programming focused, and includes
four assignments in which students must fix broken and poorly written code to
patch vulnerabilities. Through these assignments and the course lectures
students learn how to write safe and secure code, how to use tools such as
fuzzers, CI/CD systems, cloud deployment systems, web development frameworks,
database encryption tools, and more to secure applications they write in the
future. For more information, please see the 
[syllabus](/assets/syllabi/ApplicationSecurity.pdf).

Commit message:

Add the Privacy and Anonymity course

teaching.md, after:

## Teaching

Teaching is one of my passions. During my time at New York University Tandon
School of Engineering I taught 7 sections of classes, amounting to over 500
students. 

#### Approach

Students learn best when they are comfortable and engaged. For this reason I
use a [flipped classroom](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flipped_classroom)
approach whenever possible. However, in recent semesters I have been unable to
work in a flipped classroom setting due to the amount of students in my online
classes. For these semesters I have focused on creating captivating lecture
content and still encouraging interaction when feasable.

##### Online Teaching

During the pandemic I have learned how to use technology efficiently to create
as close to an in-person experience as I can. I have built my own home studio
complete with semi-professional lighting, a green screen, a camera, and a
professional grade microphone to deliver high quality video to my students.

![](/assets/img/studio.jpg)

##### Assignments and Labs

I believe that people learn best by doing. That's why I take an assignment 
focused approach in my classes. Both classes I teach include programming
assignments focused around security, and one of my classes includes many labs
that teach students how to use some security technologies and perform attacks
and defenses hands-on. To see the assignments I have developed, please view the
[assignments](/assignments) page.

#### Classes

At Instituto Superior Técnico I taught three courses: the practical labs of
the Highly Dependable Systems course, the entirety of the Advanced topics in
Parallel and Distributed Computing course, and the entirety of the Fundamnentals
of Privacy and Anonymity course. During my time at New York University
Tandon School of Engineering I taught two courses: Information Security and
Privacy and Application Security. Currently at Universidade NOVA de Lisboa I 
teach the practical labs of the Computer Architecture course.

##### Fundamentals of Privacy and Anonymity

The Fundamentals of Privacy and Anonymity course teaches students the
foundational works of the fields of privacy and anonymity that are necessary to
jump into creating private and anonymous systems and protocols. In this PhD
level course I took a flipped classroom approach and tasked students with
presenting and reviewing seminal works in the areas of privacy and anonymity,
including Privacy as Contextual Integrity, Differential Privacy, and Tor.

##### Highly Dependable Systems

The Highly Dependable Systems course addresses the security and fault-tolerant
aspects of system design, including recent advancements in the areas of
blockchain and trustworthy computing. The lab component of this is comprised of
practical, hands-on exersizes and projects that help students take the lessons
they learned of applied cryptography, consensus, and more, and apply them to
practice real world skills.

##### Advanced Topics in Parallel and Distributed Computing: Decentralization

In the Advanced Topics in Parallel and Distributed Computing class I focused on
the security and privacy approaches and challenges of decentralization. In this
PhD level course I took a flipped classroom approach and tasked students with
presenting and reviewing cutting-edge research in the areas of decentralized
systems and security and privacy. Students were graded based on their
presentations, their reviews of the papers, and their participation in class
discussions. This approach allowed the PhD students to bootstrap knowledge in
the area of Blockchain rapidly, to be ready to perform research in this area,
and to learn important skills for an academic: paper reviewing, presentation,
and choosing research problems.

##### Information Security and Privacy

The Information Security and Privacy (ISP) course at NYU Tandon is an
introduction to the basic concepts, definitions, and technologies in the areas
of Information Security and Privacy. This include foundations such as access
control, basic information about cryptographic primatives (hashing, asymmetric
and symmetric cryptography, etc.) security design principles, threat modeling,
privacy, and more. For more information, please see the 
[syllabus](/assets/syllabi/ISP.pdf).

##### Application Security

The Application Security course at NYU Tandon teaches about the vulnerabilities
typically found in modern applications and focuses on the technologies and
techniques used to defend them. This course is programming focused, and includes
four assignments in which students must fix broken and poorly written code to
patch vulnerabilities. Through these assignments and the course lectures
students learn how to write safe and secure code, how to use tools such as
fuzzers, CI/CD systems, cloud deployment systems, web development frameworks,
database encryption tools, and more to secure applications they write in the
future. For more information, please see the 
[syllabus](/assets/syllabi/ApplicationSecurity.pdf).
